1. Be perfect for each and every interview process. Never and ever think just technical knowledge skill going to HELP ..As a Freshers always and always FOCUS for Initial rounds first.!
IF you can initiate rounds easily then damn sure some-how you will crack other process too .
2.Many job-Seeker's thinking I really don't need to improve Communication and Aptitude skill and Simply trying all where...
And personally i know Almost most of job-seekers facing rejection in these initial rounds only. #Yes some-time Interviewer / HR rejecting you even after performing good but still possibilities / hope/ chances is there where interviewer got next other candidate with good skill .........So never and ever think got rejected mean's you guys simply rejected.
3. Keep trying to attend more n more interview opportunity, with that you will get confidence, you will learn something and then you focus more for improving your poor skills.
4. #Personally i know its tough to find Employee Referral, but doesn't means you will never get.! You need to work-out by own........#Thoda to mehnat karna pdega na bhai :)
5. Just remember each and every interview process are elimination round. Please concentrate more and more your preparation and use each & every interview with your quality efforts .....#Simply don't try all where .!
6. #Remember : Starting a IT career matter instead of simply thinking about good package and all.....After starting IT career you can switch wherever you want with everthing good, but again you need to work hard, work smart, need to gain more n more knowledge.
7. IF you are perfect enough in your skill for cracking any kind of interviews then no need to worry...Just keep trying all possible opportunities.
8. #Friends ....you are here for making career, you are here to full-fill your dreams, your family dreams .......#Never and ever miss-guided by any dummy person whoever trying to fool with giving xyz random waste suggestion..............
9. Straight forward solution to start career :- Good preparation + Good opportunity + Giving best to crack interviews = Success!
yes you will face rejection but end how you are going to learn something from your rejection....!!
10. Use your all resources to get information, never and ever sit ideal, never and ever feel frustrated.........because your mind will start working for all quality works, once you feel you are in progressive way
11. Never and ever think about any back-door or any fake opportunity where people asking money for providing direct offer letter and all........
Remember your each investment are previous doesn't matter its 1 rs or 1k or 1lakh because its your parents precious money .....#use your parents money properly and use it for some genuine cause.......#Simply don't thrown here and there, because many fake job-provider already fooled and fooling job-seekers!