In your Resume objective change it accordingly that it should give a impression that you are interested to work in HR/Recruitment field.

If you are B.E/B.Tech dont add percentage in your Resume.


No need to add any technical projects etc etc, technical skills ( Testing course, java course etc etc) remove all that because it will not give a good impression if you are going to HR interview mentioning all those skills, they ll see and simply reject saying "you better go for technical job". So dont add projects etc

If you are MCA etc you can add upto only degree in your Resume, dont mention post graduation.

They will surely ask you why you specifically wanted to come to HR field. You can tell following reasons

1. Tell you are not interested or very good in technical concepts so wanted to come for HR side.
2. You can ell you are even planning to do MBA in future, if you get a job as HR ( while working in that job ).
3. Tell few of your friends who are working as Software Engineers suggested to try on HR side, as technical side it is lot of competetion and these days no job security as big MNC's are also firing people when they dont have projects.
4. You can tell you are interested to go Management sid einstead of technical side.

Important : If you have any experience in BPO/Data entry/Tech support anything...even if you dont have you can keep something. Tell them you didnt get technial job so joined in that but you observed there is no career growth in that hence trying for HR side. you are even thinking to do MBA later...it will create a good impression

Check what are the challengess of recruitment and how to overcome them(They ll ask this question).

Before going to any HR interview just check the below in internet and get an idea, enough. They will train you once you joi in the company.

Activities of a HR:

1) Recruitment : based on job description, Getting profiles from job portals. then calling candidates for interviews. take feedback. communicate with shortlisted candidates.
2) Joining  Formalities : if candidate gets selected joining formalities, like offer letter salary break up. company overview, explaining leave policies, any insurance, PF details etc etc explaining candidate all the info related to company standards
3) Background check : Checking the experience details and academic details of the candidate if they are genuine or not.
4) Exit formalities : when candidate leaves the orgranization check all the final settlements, PF releviving letters etc
5) Leave Management. :Tracking planned leaves, sick leaves, maternity leaves etc of employees
6) Calendar Management : Scheduling meetings, events, booking meeting rooms, video conference meetings etc, this work is completely on calendar
7) Event planning : Organizing team outings, events, fun activities etc etc



Some more details.


For HR communication, confidence and just you need to speak well with people, no need to use high level vocabulary simple words which should be understandable by everybody.

You need to know what is the role of a HR in a compay ?

They manage business requirements related to man power

HR include many activities

Recruitment
Payrolls
Employee data base management
Report generation (MIS)
Business partner(Employee queries/complaints etc etc)
Employee Engagement  (Similar to BP related to Employee queries etc taking feedback from Employees about the process in the org)
Event Management(Managing team events etc)
Calendar Management(Organize meetings etc etc)

All the above are roles of HR people in companies.

They are self-explanatory ? 

You can understand just by reading them.

You no need to dig into details because u are a fresher, so just u need to have some idea what is what.

And Recruitment process is below

Recruitment:

Getting job description from clients/team
Get the profiles from naukri/linked in all possible sources
Schedule interviews
Issue offer letter
Joining formalities
Employee exit formalities(when employee leaves company what all needs to be done)
Etc

Search What are the challenges of Recruitment and how to overcome them.

You can google for the roles and responsibilities, and just get an idea on that.

You can add a section in your Resume saying "Having knowledge on following related to HR", and add all the above points and if u have few more add them too.

You can mail me ( sriramkukkadapu@gmail.com ) anytime if you need some information/suggestion .




-------------------------------

Some roles and responsibilities of HR.

Talent Acquisition
• Manage the entire Recruitment life cycle from sourcing & screening, influencing hiring decisions, making compensation recommendation, salary negotiations, initiating background check along with other pre-joining & post joining formalities.

2. Induction & Joining Formalities
• Conducting and delivering employee orientation for new joinees, taking sessions on HR Policy and taking grievances, generation of Employee code, Employee ID Cards etc., preparing Offer, Appointment, salary structure, confirmation, Transfer, Termination, retention & Experience letters, sending Introduction mail to all employees about new joining.

3. Training/Learning & Development
• Identify the training needs, scheduling the training session time to time, delivering Personality Development sessions, ensuring the learning & development programs to enhance skill sets, abilities of employees Performance Management.

4. Employee Engagement & Recognition
• Celebrating Birthdays and Festivals and arranging various Events, conceptualize and design communication, e-mailers, announcements and posters for competitions and celebration activities organized on various occasions and festivals, handling rewards and recognition program, releasing a consolidated mailer every month for awardees as 'Star Performers of the Month'.

5. Operations:
• Maintaining staff details, complaints, and grievances as well as maintaining the record of employees leaving the service with all formalities, designing HR Policies & implementing the same, coordination with management & departments, managing Attendance and Leaves of each employee, designing and implementing the Shift Roster, Generating monthly salary for all the employees.

6. Employee Exits
• Conducting Exit Interviews, preparation of F&F of the Separated Employees, issuing relieving/termination letter, collecting office belongings, issuing salary slips.