Introduction

Here in this article I'm going to say few things that we should do and not to do in the interview.Hope it will be useful for the friends to get their mind makeup about
the interview process. Its all about basic facts that you should practise from the day when you start for your professional career.
Some points I will mention as follow


1) Dress properly-     First impression matters? Yea, its matters a lot. Even when you are in function or in any festival, occasion its really matters, so in interviews its matters.Here don't be misguided that you have to wear costly clothes. Here I mean that the clothes should be neat, clean and ironed. Basically for men it should be formal pant and shirt, if possible make it dark and light combination of shirt and pant. For girls it should be professional shirt and pant or skirt.In India, salwaar and suit is also preferred. You should have hanky or tissue paper if its hot or even in winter season you should have as after washing your face it requires. Hair should be comb. Shoes should be polished, in case you are wearing casual it should be clean(in software developer or engineer casual shoes is allowed and it doesn't matters a lot, if any guys have faced any issue can share me and my friends never faced so i have mentioned). No more bands on hands, nails should be in shape or cutted. No caps or hat(if you don't have any reasons).


2) Handshake-    Handshake in a interview is important as its describe the guts and confidence of a person. its shows the eagerness towards its goal. The person should not make a loose handshake, it should a firm. Handshake should be 2 or 3 times. The shoulder be at its place only, don't put shoulder up and do handshake.

3) Tell me about yourself-     This a basic question which is asked in most of the interview. Here don't describe everythings of ur life. The person who is taking the interview don't need to know about your personal life. He just want to know about your likes, passion and your goals. So  tell him about your name, qualification and your passions.If you have achieved any achievements then you can highlight that point, it will be a plus point for you.


4) Weakness-   This is a question where the interviewer try to ask your demerits. The answer should be preplanned to get rid of the interviewer net. Every person has demerits, so try to cover your demerits in this scenario(May reader opinion would be different). If I was in the scenario I would say that I'm emotional.


5) Stand and greet your interviewer-  When the person who will take your interview comes stand and greet him/her. This shows respect and provides positive energy to interviewer as well for you. This is the way you can attract him without any much deeds.


6) Avoid Makeup- Be clear that you are not going to attend the fashion show or any other function. This is the place where you are going to present your knowledge, skill, manners and attitude. So do avoid makeup, don't spray much deo or scent as it distracts. If the interview is of software developer, software engineer or system engineer be as cool as possible in a simple way.

7) Turn off your cell phone- You should be aware that you are in place to transform your life, a big decision or a big step and a interview which can change your lifestyle, So do switch off your cell phone for when you are in interview process of your selection. Before going to interview make a call to your parents and take their blessing, so they will know that you will be busy for half day. Basically its reflects your awareness and passion towards your selection process. So don't be casual in the interview and don't wear wrist watch which have a sound.

Many more things are their to follow in the interview selection process, but I have tried to cover few importants DO AND DON'TS. Hope it benefits to friends who will give an interview.

if any important point the readers fells that it should be added then please share it, we all will get some more facts and tips.