Sharing the below tips for job seekers. Go through them and make use of them. Good luck.

1) Good Friends :- who can help you on your struggle time i.e if you will be in worst condition ..... So please make friends here who can trust you who can guide you. you can get job info/interview info from other friends who you meet in interviews. Base line is whenever you go for a interview make a friend and come back(you may not get offer but you ll get a good friend who can guide you)
2) Keep in touch with professionals :-  Professionals means the person who can guide you for your career not to demotivate you like you can't do n all ....We can do everything but we need some motivation some guidance to sustain here ( You guy's can reach me out too if you in need). My first professional brother who guided me is my PG mate(Senior). So make sure you become friends with seniors in your PG or in your friends circle. They can guide you or refer you for job openings.
3) Travelling :  While travelling in buses and all please take care of your all belonging like wallet and mobile specially. Because there are many pick pocketer travelling but end of we are losing our #phone or some other belonging. So before entering into buses and cabs please double check and  take care who all are surrounded with you. Use google maps to see company location exactly before starting to venue it helps you to get away some hasstle and keep your concentration on the interview.
4) Meals :  As a freshers some-time we need to wait for longer duration for attending interviews .. So if possible please career water bottle and some fruits or chocolate or chips with you, so that you can maintain your energy level during interview. Eat food at good places, do not eat road side.
5) Documents :-  While attending first level of interview please always bring your resume and xerox copies of your education document. Don't carry original document until n unless its not mentioned on interview call letter. Some-time we may loss our original docs because of problems/condition...
6) ID PROOF :  Always carry one ID proof while attending interview. I have seen that some-time interviewers not giving entry because of valid ID proof. .. so must carry one ID proof. Do not carry originals, take color xerox and laminate that, its safe.
7) PAN Number :  See guy's as we are going to enter into IT industry means we need to have PAN card... so if you don't have PAN number then please apply AS soon as possible. .. 
8) Pass-port :-  Some companies like CTS , Tech Mahindra passport number is mandatory for attending interview ... so please apply for pass-port if you don't have or at-least apply your registration form for now.
9) Skills :-  As you all aware to get a IT jobs you need to have IT skills and i hope you all are having so i mentioned this in end ..
10) Finding companies names :- when you are travelling in metro city see the companies names around you or in tech parks, if you go for a interview in tech park note down other companies names and apply their careers. Also many people carry laptop bags of companies names. note down them and apply there.