Please apply for the job of all IT skill no matter u have knowledge on that skill or not. Fresher should think about to get into the company instead of wasting time in job seeking. Please don’t keep this attitude that you have done java training then you will go for java interview. Because of this kind of lot of attitude lot of people don’t get job. If you will apply for the other it skill job which you don’t know and you get call letter applying then you get sufficient time (2-3 days) to prepare for that it skill. You can learn something and crack the interview. Here some people ask me question now how I will do my job on that skill as I don’t that skill, then my answer is “Company hire you as a fresher they give 2-3 months training and after that they ask you for the project work no fresher is going to be direct deployed to project team.” And I believe 2-3 months in which you can also learn from Google, YouTube tutorials. After doing 6 months or 1 year work you can internally change your technology easily. After working 2-3 years work on any technology people change their technology. So Apply for all the technologies jobs openings.

Location: 
I know this thing well that people who are in Bangalore not applying for the job which are available in PUNE, Chennai, Hyderabad or Delhi/NCR or Vice versa. The truth is that you are outside of your home and now no matter if you are in Bangalore or Chennai or PUNE or Hyderabad. So if you get good opportunity in other city you should be ready to move to that city. We are posting job links for all the cities where IT companies exist in India you should apply for all the job links which are available in other city and then if you get good interview call from other city you can move that city for the interview. 
Example: you know Syntel is still hiring for Chennai, Mumbai and PUNE Location but no fresher from Bangalore applied for those locations and did not get call letter for the interview and expecting drive in Bangalore. See the link below

http://tests.mettl.com/drive/Syntellect-2017-Off-Campus-Candidate-Registration-Form-BE-MCA/

How to get more calls from naurki.com:

https://www.facebook.com/groups/shashikantsingh.MRA/permalink/1213518332035890/

Target of attending the interviews:
You should fix your target to attend the interview in a month. I used to tell each fresher that fix your target to attend the interview at least 10 interviews in a month. Now you have to think how to achieve this target. You are getting call letter for jobs from direct from companies, naukri.com, fresher world, Elitmus, Amcat or through references. We have already guided you for naukri.com (how to get call from naukri), believe that fresher world is not that much bad they do not provide good calls. If you are 2017 batch passed out then you can write elitmus and amcat get good score in these two exams. When you are not getting call letter then you should attend call based drive interviews, but u should achieve this target. 
If you want to attend call based drive then few things you can do. You can get call letter of your friend and edit that call letter and attend the drive.

Walk in Timing: 
We believe that we are posting at least 7-8 walk in drive in a month especially in Bangalore. When you know that tomorrow there is a walk in I that company then why you people are late for the interview on that. If the drive is walk in then you should reach there before the time so you can get entry easily. When lot of people came for the interview then they do not allow late comers and if they allow then don’t check their exam copies. So please be on time when you are attending the walk in.

Dependencies: 
if you believe in yourself its power and if you believe in others its weakness. Attend the interview no matter either your friend is coming with you or not. Lot of people do not attend the interview because his/her friend is not going for interviews.

MRA Ideology:

MRA Ideology says if you know your problem then you also know how to solve it. All the ideas are not mine, but it belongs to all the members who are part of MRA family. They have achieved aim with this ideology only.

There are only 2 main problems for a fresher not getting problem and unable to clear the interview. But we believe if you are able to solve first problem then your 2nd problem will be solved automatically. We believe in learning practically, we will attend more interview, while attending the interview we will learn what they are asking, which kind of questions they are asking in aptitude, which kind of questions they are asking in technical, there will be no fear or hesitation if you are attending walk in regular. How many times we will be rejected by the companies one day we will crack all the rounds of interviews and will be selected.

Your failure is success if you learn from it.