Many jobs seekers keep asking how to get more and more opportunities so there are few points I wana mention which I used during my hunt. Might help someone.
1) first thing first.
You need to know and accept your weakness. Sometimes we know but we are not ready to accept our weaknesses. For example people who are getting rejections for communication. It's very difficult to accept it because from our side we were speaking good. Even some time hrs mention that we need to work on communication. So accept it and try to improve.
2) make room for job applications.
Uninstall every extra app and install ALL IN ONE JOB APP. make id on each job portal.
Naukri.com
Shine.com
Monster.com
Time job
Indeed
Fresher's live
Fresher world.
And complete ur I'd 100%.
Make sure your resume which is on job portal covers maximum skills. So that you get most of the calls.
3) don't forget to update everyday before 6 am. Because employers and consultancy searches after 8 am. I use to do each day after 12 midnight. Now the point is what to update daily?
Nothing to worry just add one skill and remove that skill next day. In this way ur I'd will be update daily.
4) make 2-3 resumes. One for each domain, like networking, testing, development, administration.
Don't worry!!! Being a fresher you people are eligible for everything. Just Google the basic points before attending the interview. No need to prepare whole night or one night before. Just 10 minutes before is fine.
5) Now you are getting lots of call and mail. How to decide wether those are fake or real?
Some may search in Google some in glass door. But there is a better way. Type that company name and search in MRA or BJS you will get lots of comment. Just go through 5-6 posts you will have idea.
5) keep a record of each and every interview you attended. Like company name, date of interview, rounds cleared, and reason of rejection.
It will really help. And please don't just blindly attend interview, it doesn't gonna change from YOU MAY LEAVE FIR THE DAY to CONGRATULATIONS. every next attempt should be better than previous one.
Keep trying guy one day or another. You gonna get it.