1. Wake-up Early everyday ....search IT companies posted on BJS or other Job portals !!! 
Open company site and check there career section n find job opening is there or not....
If u found some opening then call on that company around 10 to 11 am and talk with HR and ask about this job openings.! 
Daily try in some 4-5 companies..! sure you will get some genuine call by own effort......! at my time few guys placed who followed same.

2. While roaming in City just note of Companies Name , there is hell lot of un-knws companies Present in Bangalore which you people don;t knw ..so better just make a note of company names and contact there for job openings.!! and follow as 1st suggestion .!!

3. Whenever you r going to attend interview's some Tech park then that time after attending interview try to visit physically in other companies present in that PARK and check they have any opening or not .....If yes then you can directly discuss your profile with HR and try to approach HRs for Scheduling interviews.......IF NOt then Just ask HR email for applying in company.

4. Don't hesitate to carry all types of resume .....means if u have 60% throughout then make a another one resume with 70% ..... carry both 60% and 70% throughout resume.!
m having Personal experience in that ...Some companies just asking more % for Filtering crowd ...but really they don't want any % criteria.. just coz of crowed they r increasing % .!
So no worry just make it like that and crack it with your talent...!!

5. As Always m saying to you guys..some known companies Like IBM, Tech m , igate ,CTS , n few more they r very strict for % criteria so just leave this all.....!! except this all companies attend with there % requirement and Crack interview with your talent.!
its ok after telling truth they may reject you but possibilities is there for getting offer letter..! Guys n guys show your talent everywhere.... No matter your having 50% or 60% or 70% ..
IT industry respect Talented People.....If you have then just show it.............!!

6. Everyday try to enhance your technical skills.....in Hindi you hv heard ri" Bund bund se ghada bharta hai " so in presnt you don't hv any tech skill but frm today onwrds daily try to learn some skills , day by day prepare well , sure after 1 month you will b trained on any skill ....!!

7. Guys Always remember as fresher , everywhere you need to face written exam .....so first work n work hard for Written exam.... Don't take it lightly.....work hard.!!

8. Never fear when we are here.....No one going to block you or no one going to black list you until and unless u do some offensive work !! 
Remember ... 
Past you can;t change right ? whatever % u ppl got that is final you can't change it now .....
But please and please don't spoil your future just coz of not having good % ........ Just Create more n more Opportunity..... !!

Jab tak Opportunity create nai karoge tab tak luck b kam nai aane wala right ??

....... Think yourself like you having good % as other having.......and attend interview with that mindset......! 
If you ppl facing any prob after getting offer then just do inform us, we will suggest our best based on company standard.......!!