#Approaches to Apply in Start-ups companies !!
First of keep in mind .> For start-up companies your technical knowledge going to play key role !! here No matter what % or what all poor or good criteria you have #Just your interpersonal skill your Technical skill gonna Help you More !!
#Also as I observe in IT industry , start-up or other product based companies giving more companies compare to service based companies ! So leave this now...First concentrate for getting job!
-------------------------------------------------------------------
Approaches to apply :-
1. Visit some IT Parks, Note down all Companies names which you never heard !! In IT parks apart from accenture , tcs n few MNCs many more good start-up , mid-level companies present !
So try to note down all companies Name first !
2. In Bangalore many places like Kormangala, indira Nagar, HSR layout , HAL you will get many good start-ups companies ! Try to visit these places, visit companies and try to talk with HR people about job opportunity !
Damn sure you will get some out-put !
3. Explore IT companies, all start-ups -MNC's name in google , go through companies careers link, check some job opportunity Info ! If you are getting some info then try to arrange contact number that you will get through company website or google it !
4. After getting contact number try to explore same Company HR names in Linked-In ! through Linked-in you will get HR name, suggesting this because its good to call companies and transfer your call to respective contact person !!
5. SO call on number interact with respective HR's , ask about job opportunity for fresher or exp or your skill related opening! If you already knw some opening then request them you are applying for particular job!
Try to request nicely like I got know to opening in your company and my profile is matching with your requirement. So please refer my candidature for this opportunity n all !!
#you guys are expert but still suggesting, request in proper and professional manner so HR's people will show interest !
6. Another approach :- Try to Contact with Companies Employee's, !! #No matter personally you know or not.......Just try to get job opportunity info and request to refer !
Try to increase your professional networks guys !!
--------------------------------------------------------------